1. type > in command palette and scroll to find any command
2. Quokka
3. Type cmd + shift + . to find any symbol quickly
4. In command palette use hashtag followed by symbol that you're looking for to find it throughout entire project
5. Bonus - To find class or symbol with really long name just type the first character of each camelcased word
6. code . - to open current directory from command line
7. code somefile.js - to open somefile from command line
8. cmd + shift + p - command palette
9. Hold option and click on different places to set up cursors in multiple places
10. If you need to edit the same line of code in multiple places highlight the line and press cmd + d to set up cursors in each instance
11. If you're on a line that you want to delete just press cmd + x
12. If you need to move a line somewhere else then just hold down option and use up and down arrows, if you want to copy line into every line it moves to also hold down shift
13. If you want to comment a lot of code then use cmd + l to highlight everything you want to comment and use cmd + / to toggle comment
14. Use add jsdoc comments extension to highlight function and then use the command palette to click 'Add Doc Comments' and automatically add a comment above the function
15. You can use {@link someFunction} to link to a function in your comment
16. Use ctrl + ` to toggle terminal
17. If you need multiple temrinals at the same time then you can click on the icon and change the name or the icon of that temrinal to keep organized
18. Use arrows to navigate to a different part of line in terminal
19. If you click enter in temrinal but you messed up use cmd + K to clear terminal and then use up arrow to go to last command in history
20. In command palette enter Tasks: Configure Default Build Task in order to create json file and just type run in command palette instead of running npm run 
21. Use configure user snippets in command palette to create boilerplate snippet by modifying JSOn file
22. Put slash in front of file name if you want to create a file in a directory that doesn't exist yet
23. Use pase JSON as code extension to format JSON objects into what you need 
24. If you need to rename a function or variable instead of editing it in different places just right click on it and click find all references and then right click again and click rename symbol
What do you meannnnn
What do you meannnnn
What do you meannnnn
What do you meannnnn
What do you meannnnn
What do you meannnnn







